README.md, before:

# Javascript-capstone

The JavaScript capstone project is about building your own web application based on an external API. You will select an API that provides data about a topic that you like and then build the webapp around it. The webapp will have 2 or 3 user interfaces (depending on the size of your team):

- A home page showing a list of items that you can "like."
- A popup window with more data about an item that you can use to comment on it or reserve it for a period of time.

### General requirements

- Make sure that there are [no linter errors](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config).

- Make sure that you used correct [Gitflow](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-transversal-skills/blob/main/git-github/articles/gitflow.md).

- Make sure that you documented your work [in a professional way](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-transversal-skills/blob/main/documentation/articles/professional_repo_rules.md).
  
- Follow our list of [best practices for HTML & CSS](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/articles/html_css_best_practices.md).
  
- Follow our list of [best practices for JavaScript](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/articles/javascript_best_practices.md).

**Set up a new project with webpack following the following steps:**

   - First set up a new GitHub repository for this capstone.

   - Follow the instructions from the [getting started](https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/#basic-setup) guide to set up the basics. Implement all the steps from Basic Setup to NPM Scripts.

   - The next step in building your webpack boilerplate is to add some style to it.

   - Follow the instructions from the setting [up HtmlWebpackPlugin guide](https://webpack.js.org/guides/output-management/#setting-up-htmlwebpackplugin). Be extra careful when updating the module.exports object in your webpack.config.js file, to not to make any nesting mistakes.

   - Follow the steps in loading CSS guide.

   **Setup local dev server** 
   - Follow the using [webpack-dev-server guide](https://webpack.js.org/guides/development/#using-webpack-dev-server) and set it up on your local machine. Again, be cautious with updating the module.exports object in your webpack.config.js.

   - Create an index.html file and write your HTML markup here. The index.html file must be set as a template using the HTML Webpack Plugin.


## Demo
Check out the [live version of the website](https://elated-saha-e87646.netlify.app/) for more details.

## Screenshots

![image](https://www.linkpicture.com/q/Screenshot-2022-01-13-231745.png)

![image](https://www.linkpicture.com/q/Screenshot-2022-01-13-231902.png)

![image](https://www.linkpicture.com/q/Screenshot-2022-01-13-232006.png)

## Built With
Major languages: Html5, Css3, JavaScript
Technologies used: Github, Git, Vscode, Webpack, Jest

## 🧑🧑👩Authors

- Github: [Azonkeu](https://github.com/Azonkeu)
- Github: [chukwuemeka1234](https://github.com/chukwuemeka1234)
- Github: [AbdollahRaafat](https://github.com/AbdollahRaafat)
- LinkedIn: [Azonkeu Ornela](https://www.linkedin.com/in/azonkeu-ornela-software-developer/)
- LinkedIn: [Ani chukwuemeka](https://linkedin.com/in/ani-chukwuemeka-a65421199/)
- LinkedIn: [Abdollah Raafat](https://www.linkedin.com/)

### Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝License
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Azonkeu/Final-Javascript-capstone/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Enable linters and update the README file

README.md, after:

# Javascript-capstone

The JavaScript capstone project is about building your own web application based on an external API. We selected an API that provides movies. The webapp has 3 user interfaces:

- A home page showing a list of movies that you can "like."
- A popup window with more data about a movie that you can use to comment on it or reserve it for a period of time.

### General requirements

- Set up the repository on GitHub and use [Gitflow](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-transversal-skills/blob/main/git-github/articles/gitflow.md).
- Set up [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/#basic-setup).
- Set up a JavaScript testing library ([Jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started)).

## Demo
Check out the [live version of the website](https://elated-saha-e87646.netlify.app/) for more details.

## Screenshots

![image](https://www.linkpicture.com/q/Screenshot-2022-01-13-231745.png)

![image](https://www.linkpicture.com/q/Screenshot-2022-01-13-231902.png)

![image](https://www.linkpicture.com/q/Screenshot-2022-01-13-232006.png)

## Built With
Major languages: Html5, Css3, JavaScript
Technologies used: Github, Git, Vscode, Webpack, Jest

## 🧑🧑👩Authors

- Github: [Azonkeu](https://github.com/Azonkeu)
- Github: [chukwuemeka1234](https://github.com/chukwuemeka1234)
- Github: [AbdollahRaafat](https://github.com/AbdollahRaafat)
- LinkedIn: [Azonkeu Ornela](https://www.linkedin.com/in/azonkeu-ornela-software-developer/)
- LinkedIn: [Ani chukwuemeka](https://linkedin.com/in/ani-chukwuemeka-a65421199/)
- LinkedIn: [Abdollah Raafat](https://www.linkedin.com/)

### Show your support
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝License
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Azonkeu/Final-Javascript-capstone/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.
